Privacy Policy
SnoreLab’s Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 24, 2019

At SnoreLab, we respect the privacy of your data and are committed to being transparent about how we handle it. This Privacy Policy details how SnoreLab collects, uses, stores, transfers and discloses data obtained from our interactions with you. Here, we also highlight the choices you can make about how we manage this data and how you may revoke your consent to these processes.

This Privacy Policy establishes a legal agreement between Reviva Softworks Ltd (“we”, “us”, “SnoreLab”, “the app”) and you (“you”, “your”) as the user of SnoreLab. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not use the app.

Data we collect from you and how we use it
SnoreLab only collects data that is relevant to the functionality of the service we provide.

Personal data we collect if you choose to sign up for Online Backup
If you choose to sign up to our online backup service, in order to provide access to our cloud services in an authenticated and secure manner, we will collect your email address.

We will also collect all data that you input into the app (such as age, weight and sex) and your snoring stats, so that you can fully restore this SnoreLab data on other devices.

We do not collect audio recordings unless you choose to provide them to us.

Anonymous data collected from every SnoreLab user
When you run SnoreLab, you are assigned an anonymous user unique identifier (UUID) that is used to track your usage of the app, track your interactions with various features and to provide us with a summary of your snoring stats. This does not contain information that can personally identify you. A summary of these results is sent to our secure servers.

We use this information to conduct research, develop app features and troubleshoot; performing data analysis and tests. This is to improve our products and services and to research how users’ results vary based on different criteria on an aggregate basis.

For example, we may research how snoring intensity varies based on users’ BMI or to evaluate the effectiveness of snoring remedies. The results of this research may be published within the app or elsewhere but that would not include any data that could personally identify you.

Audio recordings
SnoreLab does not automatically collect or store audio recordings made whilst using the app. To deliver our Cloud Backup service – which enables you to recover your history should you lose or change device – you can optionally allow to us to collect and store a selection of encrypted audio recordings on our server. It is also possible to use Cloud Backup on a data-only basis if preferred. Audio recordings are encrypted using a unique key for each user before being transferred and stored on our server, providing a high level of privacy protection.

With a view to improving our technologies, we may occasionally ask your permission to collect a limited set of your audio recordings. You have a right to refuse this permission. Should you grant us access to your audio recordings, we will take all necessary steps to ensure the privacy of this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Please consider that if you choose to share your recordings with us via non-private platforms such as on social media or by email, or with medical professionals, they are consequently not to be considered private and SnoreLab is not liable for any unauthorized handling/use of these recordings.

Apple Health
If, upon initial setup of SnoreLab on iOS you enable us to link with Apple Health, we may collect data including but not limited to weight, steps and height. This is stored locally within the app, and optionally within our Online Backup system. This personal data is never shared with or sold to any third party and will only ever be used for internally conducted research in an anonymous and aggregated format.

Technical information we collect automatically
When you use the app or contact our support email channels, we automatically collect the following information:

Device information – information about the mobile device you use to access SnoreLab; including the hardware model, operating system and version, log files, timestamps and unique device identifiers.
Information from cookies and other tracking technologies – we use various technologies to collect information about your use of SnoreLab including your frequency of use and interactions with features.
How we use this information
In summary, we use all of the above information to:

Provide the services of the app
Analyze, operate, maintain and improve the app; adding new features and services
Enable transfer of data between your devices
Customize content you see when you use the app
Verify your identity
Provide customer service; responding to comments, questions and requests
Monitor and analyze trends in usage and engagements
Troubleshoot issues with the app or website
Conduct research
Your consent
We may store and process your personal data you provide through the usage of the app and through the account creation process solely for the purpose of providing services to you, to improve our service features and other purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy.
The data that you provide to us through the account creation process includes personal data you enter into the app, such as your account data (e.g. your name and email address), and other general data (e.g. age and sex). Depending on the data you provide, it may also contain information about your general health (e.g. weight).
We will not distribute any of your personal data to third parties, except if it is required to provide the service to you (e.g. technical service providers as detailed in subsequent sections), unless we have asked for your explicit consent.
Your access to and control of your personal data
Access
Personal data that you input into SnoreLab will be visible in the app interface, for example in the online backup screen, profile screen and in the records that you create with the app. You can also ask us what personal data we have about you by contacting us on support@snorelab.com. Access rights to personal data is the same for free and paid users.

Modification, correction and deletion
You can modify, correct, delete and update your personal data via the app’s interface. Once deleted, your personal data including your account details, snoring stats and audio recordings cannot be reinstated. Please note that content you have shared with others, for example medical professionals, via the app or otherwise, may remain visible after you have deleted your account.

You can delete all of your Online Backup data from our servers by signing out of your account in the Online Backup screen and selecting the Delete Account option. Your Online Backup data will then be deleted from our servers within 48 hours.

GDPR for EU residents
EU residents have certain statutory rights regarding their personal data as introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Subject to any legal exemptions, you may have the right to request access to personal information as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information:

Correction of personal data and restricting its processing. You are responsible for ensuring personal information you provide SnoreLab is accurate. Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the SnoreLab app. If you believe that your personal data is inaccurate, you can contact us and ask us to correct such personal data via support@snorelab.com. You shall also have the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data. If you contest the accuracy of the personal data and we need some time to verify its accuracy.
Access to your personal data. The app gives you the ability to access and update personal data within the app via your account settings. You shall have the right to request information about whether we have any personal data about you by simply writing us at support@snorelab.com.
Erasing your personal data. If you believe that your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was originally collected, or in cases where you have withdrawn your consent or object to the processing of your personal data, or in cases where the processing of your personal data does not otherwise comply with the GDPR, you have right to contact us and ask us to erase such personal data as described above. You can simply write us at support@snorelab.com. Please be aware that erasing some personal data inserted by you may affect your possibility to utilize the app and its features. Erasing some personal data may also take some time due to technical reasons.
Right to object processing of your personal data. You can object processing your personal data and stop us from processing your personal data, simply write us at support@snorelab.com. Please consider that erasing some personal data inserted by you may affect your possibility to use the app and its features.
Notification requirements. We commit to notify you within reasonable period of time and your data protection authority within 72 hours about any personal data breaches in the app.
Data protection authorities. Subject to GDPR, you also have the right to (i) restrict our use of personal data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority about any of our activities that you deem are not compliant with GDPR.
Please consider that in the case of a vague request exercising the aforementioned rights we may engage with you so as to better understand the motivation for the request and to locate the relevant information. In case this is impossible, we reserve the right to refuse your request.

Following the provisions of GDPR we might also require you to prove your identity in order for you to invoke the mentioned rights. This is made to ensure that no rights of others are violated by your request, and the rights described in this section are exercised by an authorized party.

Please note that we will grant your request within 30 days after receiving it, but it may take us up to 90 days in some cases, for example for full erasure of your personal data stored in our backup systems. This is due to the size and complexity of the systems we use to store data.

Sharing your personal data
Third parties
We work with reputable, established third party partners who provide us with analytics, advertising and app services. We only provide these third parties with access to information that is necessary to perform their work in connection with the SnoreLab app or to comply with the law. These third parties will never use this information for any other purpose except to provide services in connection with the SnoreLab app. We use several services:

Firebase, a Google subsidiary, is a mobile app services platform that we use for multiple functions including user authentication, data storage and analytics. If you use our Online Backup facility your data is stored on Firebase servers, and your data is protected through their authentication services and security rules. We also use Firebase for analytics to better understand your use of the app. For example, Firebase may use device identifiers that are stored on your mobile device and allow us to analyze your use of SnoreLab in order to improve the app. You can read more about Firebase and read about the Firebase privacy approach here.
Google AdMob provides adverts within the app. We may share non-identifiable information about you in order to perform marketing activities and provide better and more targeted adverts. Read more about Google AdMob and the Google AdMob privacy practices.
Google analytics allows us to analyze website traffic. You can opt out of data collection or use by Google Analytics using the following link http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Facebook is used for tracking installs and advertising. Usually, Facebook collects only non-identifiable information though some personal information like device identifiers may be transferred to Facebook. Read more about the analytical services provided by Facebook.
Aggregated information
We may share aggregated, anonymized information which cannot be used to identify you, within the app, on our website or our various social media platforms. We can share this information in formats including but not limited to: articles, publications, statistics and social media posts.

Information posted by you
Our website and social media platforms have areas where you can share information with us and other users. These communities are open to the public and should not be considered private. You should think carefully before posting personal information in these public forums. What you post can be seen and collected by third parties and used by others in ways that SnoreLab cannot control or predict, including unauthorized contact. This information may also show up on search engines. If you accidentally post personal information on these platforms and would like it removed please email us on support@snorelab.com to request we remove it. In some cases, for technical reasons, we may not be able to remove such information.

The SnoreLab app contains features whereby you can export/share your session which includes graphical, statistical and audio data which is explicitly linked to your account (for example, with a medical professional or with SnoreLab’s support channels). Once exported from the app and/or your personal account, we are not liable for the privacy of this data.

Special circumstances
We will not share or sell any of your personal data to any third party except as otherwise stated within this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:

In response to legal processes to the extent permitted and as restricted by law (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements);
When disclosure is required to keep the security and integrity of the app, or to protect any user’s security consistent with applicable laws;
When disclosure is permitted by the user who has input the personal data;
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or some of its assets, your information will, in most instances, be part of these assets.
Retention of your personal data
To provide you with our services, we will keep your personal data as long as your account is active. You can remove your personal information at any time as specified in the previous sections.

We may retain certain personal information in an aggregated and anonymized format after your account has been deleted. We reserve the right to use your information in any aggregated form after you have deleted your account, but will ensure that the use of this information will not personally identify you.

If you remove information from your SnoreLab account, it will no longer be visible in the app but some backups of data may remain in our archives for a period of time due to technical reasons. We aim to delete such backups within a reasonable period of time.

Any social media posts or comments made to us on any platform may remain visible after you terminate your account; we are not obliged to remove these.

We may also retain some information to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, support business operations and continue to improve our services. For our service improvement purposes, we will take steps to ensure this information doesn’t identify you and will only use it to gain aggregated insights into the services we provide.

Security of data
Steps we take to protect your information
Giving due consideration to the potentially sensitive nature of the data we collect, we take steps to protect all of the collected personal data from loss, theft, misuse, disclosure, unauthorized access, alteration and deletion. We use various security measures to protect your personal information, including encryption of personal data and storage on computer systems that have restricted access.

Breaches
No security system is perfect so we cannot guarantee complete security of the app or that your information won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us. In the event of a security systems breach we may either publish a general notice or attempt to notify you by email. We will then take the necessary steps to remedy the breach.

Passwords and your responsibilities
You can help keep your personal data protected by using a robustly secure password, protecting it appropriately and preventing others from using your device.

Collection of data from children
By its nature, our app is unlikely to attract children aged sixteen (16) years old or younger, and we do not intentionally market to or interact with them. If you believe that a child under 16 has provided personal data to SnoreLab, please contact our support team on support@snorelab.com and we will aim to delete this information.

Third party links
The SnoreLab app, website and social media may contain links to third party products and/or services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of those websites or services. This Privacy Policy applies to information we have collected from you. Where we have linked to a third party you should read the Privacy Policy stated on the appropriate website.

Beta releases
SnoreLab may offer opportunities to participate in beta schemes. This may constitute a change in the data collected and can confer different privacy and security measures to those typically present in SnoreLab’s non-beta services. If you participate in such beta releases you may need to enter into a different agreement.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time when necessary. This may be based on user feedback and/or changes to our services. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You are therefore advised to review this Privacy Policy from time to time.

Your continued use of SnoreLab’s services after any changes made to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the modified terms within. If you object to any changes to this Privacy Policy you should deactivate your account and stop using SnoreLab’s services.