Privacy Policy 

  

Last updated: July 21, 2020

  

Welcome to read our privacy policy about 'ShutEye: Sleep Tracker, Sounds'. The privacy policy is here to give you all the information you need about what kind of information we collect, how we use, how we share it, how you control your data, and make sure you know your rights in connection to when you use our applications, software, websites, APIs and services. By using or accessing our App or our Service, you agree our privacy policy.

  

1. Information we collect 

  

1)    Contact information 



If you reach out to us via email to get help or ask a question, we will respond to the contact information that you provide. The contact information will be used explicitly to communicate with you based on your request/question. 



2) Technical information 



When you access ''ShutEye: Sleep Tracker, Sounds'', we collect technical information from the devices you use. The information we collect includes, but not limited to IP addresses, log files, device type and operating system. We use the information we collect to improve the Services and to develop new features. For example, we use the information to troubleshoot and protect against errors; perform data analysis and testing; conduct research and surveys; and develop new features and Services. 



3) Analytics information 



We work with partners who provide us with analytics services. This includes helping us understand how users interact with the ''ShutEye: Sleep Tracker, Sounds'' services, the stability, and performance of the services. These companies may use device-specific advertiser identifiers, cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interactions with the Services and other websites and applications. 



You can turn off the advertisement serving technologies in the settings of the device that you are using. If you turn the advertisement technologies off it will not limit the function of the Services and affect your user experience. 

 

4) Information you give us

 

You may be asked to provide us information about yourself when you use the services. This information includes data directly/indirectly relating to your sleep (i.e. recording clips of your sleep, and your sleep schedule).

 

Especially, sleep recordings you don’t give us proactively won’t be collected. 

  

2. How we use information 

  

We use the information we collect for the following purposes: 

  

1)    Improve, personalize, and develop the services  



We use the information we collect to improve the Services and to develop new features. we need these information to understand how users interact with the ''ShutEye: Sleep Tracker, Sounds'' services, the stability, and performance of the services etc. 

  

2)    Communicate with you 

  

We use your information when needed to send you Service notifications and respond to you when you contact us. 

  

We guarantee that the information we collect will never be sold. 

 

3. Sharing of information 

  

We may share non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. Meanwhile, We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person. 

  

4. Your rights 

  

You can simply uninstall the app in order to remove any stored data at any time. If you need any further assistance regarding your rights, feel free to contact us at contact.sleep@enerjoy.life 

  

5. Our Policies for Children 

  

We appreciate the importance of taking additional measures to protect children's privacy. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. 

  

6. Changes to this privacy policy 

  

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy through the mobile applications. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post a notification through the mobile applications and/or by asking you to review the changes to the Privacy Policy the next time you access the Services. Your continued use of the Services after the changes are made will indicate your consent to our use of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy, including those changes. 

 

7. Supplementary clause (Effective: January 1, 2020) 

  

This privacy policy also applies to users in California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). We guarantee that the information we collect will never be sold. 

  

In addition, your rights under the CCPA: 

 

1) To know what information we collect.  

 

You can request the details on the information we have collected from you by contacting us at contact.sleep@enerjoy.life. 

 

2) To delete the information we collect.  

 

You can request the deletion of your data by contacting us at contact.sleep@enerjoy.life. After that, you can use our application as usual, without any discrimination. 

 