Sleep++
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. Your data is your own. We make no claims to it and will only use it according to the policies outlined below.

If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Sleep++ allows you to store and measure your nightly sleep. This data is only stored locally on your device. It is not transmitted outside of the app.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
No Personally-Identifying Information is transmitted to external locations when using Sleep++.

HealthKit Data
If you choose to have Sleep++ integrate with HealthKit then the application will have access only to the health data types you opt-in to access.

Sleep++ requests permission to write certain data types into your HealthKit data store. These are used to record the duration and quality of sleep have you as measured by the app.

The data read from HealthKit is used solely within the app. It is not collected or disclosed outside of your local installation of the app. Only those data types relevant to the app are accessed. The data read is used to update and verify the sleep data saved to the HealthKit store.

In no case is your personal data ever transfered to a 3rd party. It is only ever kept within the application container of Sleep++ or transfered to your personal HealthKit data store as per your permission choices.

Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Sleep++ website identify and track visitors, their usage of Sleep++ website, and their website access preferences. The Sleep++ website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Sleep++'s websites.

Business Transfers
If Sleep++, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sleep++ goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sleep++ may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sleep++ may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sleep++'s sole discretion. Sleep++ encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Limited Warranties
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).

Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.

